OSSM-4041: Update infrastructure node content (#60744)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-config-individual-control-plane-infrastructure-node-console.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service_mesh/v2x/ossm-deployment-models.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-config-individual-control-plane-infrastructure-node-console_{context}"]
= Configuring individual control plane components to run on infrastructure nodes using the web console

You can configure individual {SMProductShortName} control plane components to run on infrastructure nodes using the CLI. This task should only be performed if individual {SMProductShortName} control plane components, such as Istiod, the Ingress Gateway, and the Egress Gateway, run on infrastructure nodes. 

> If the control plane runs on a worker node, skip this task.

Reviewer: Same as above.

.Prerequisites

* The {SMProductName} Operator must be installed.
* An account with the `cluster-admin` role. If you use {product-dedicated}, you must have an account with the `dedicated-admin` role.

.Procedure

. Log in to the {product-title} web console.

. Create a project named `istio-system`.
+
.. Navigate to *Home* -> *Projects*.
+
.. Click *Create Project*.
+
.. In the *Name* field, enter `istio-system`. The `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource must be installed in a project that is separate from your microservices and Operators.
+
These steps use `istio-system` as an example, but you can deploy your {SMProductShortName} control plane in any project as long as it is separate from the project that contains your services.
+
.. Click *Create*.

. Navigate to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

. Click the {SMProductName} Operator, then click *Istio Service Mesh Control Plane*.

> . Click the name of the control plane resource. For example, `basic`.

Reviewer: Same as above: the SMCP won't exist here, so the step explain creating the SMCP instead of editing it.

Author: Done, removed steps to create the SMCP.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service_mesh/v2x/ossm-deployment-models.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-config-individual-control-plane-infrastructure-node-console_{context}"]
= Configuring individual control plane components to run on infrastructure nodes using the web console

Perform this task if individual components deployed by the {SMProductShortName} control plane, such as Istiod, the Ingress Gateway, and the Egress Gateway, will run on infrastructure nodes. 

If the control plane will run on a worker node, skip this task.

.Prerequisites

* The {SMProductName} Operator must be installed.

> * An account with the `cluster-admin` role. If you use {product-dedicated}, you must have an account with the `dedicated-admin` role.

Reviewer 2: * You have installed the {SMProductName} Operator.
* You must have an account with the `cluster-admin` role. If you use {product-dedicated}, you must have an account with the `dedicated-admin` role.

> * You must have an account with the `cluster-admin` role. If you use {product-dedicated}, you must have an account with the `dedicated-admin` role.

Author: done

.Procedure

. Log in to the {product-title} web console.

. Navigate to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

> . Click the {SMProductName} Operator, then click *Istio Service Mesh Control Plane*.

Reviewer 2: . Click the *{SMProductName}* Operator and then the *Istio Service Mesh Control Plane* resource.

Author: done

. Click the name of the control plane resource. For example, `basic`.

. Click *YAML*.

> . Modify the YAML code to run the Istiod component on an infrastructure node. Add the `nodeSelector` and the `tolerations` fields to the `spec.runtime.components.pilot.pod` spec in the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource.

Reviewer 2: For minimalism
```suggestion
. Add the `nodeSelector` and `tolerations` fields to the `spec.runtime.components.pilot.pod` specification in the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource as shown below:
```

Author: done

+
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  runtime:
    components:
      pilot:
        pod:
          nodeSelector: <1>
            node-role.kubernetes.io/infra: ""
          tolerations: <2>
          - effect: NoSchedule
            key: node-role.kubernetes.io/infra
            value: reserved
          - effect: NoExecute
            key: node-role.kubernetes.io/infra
            value: reserved
----

> <1> Ensures that the Istiod pod is only scheduled on an infrastructure node.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> Ensures that the `Istiod` pod is only scheduled on an infrastructure node.
```
Should `Istiod` be a literal here?

Author: done

> <2> Ensures that the pod is accepted by the infrastructure node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> Ensures that the pod is accepted by the infrastructure node for execution.
```

Author: done

> . Modify the YAML code to run Ingress and Egress Gateways on infrastructure nodes. Add the `nodeSelector` and the `tolerations` fields to the `spec.gateways.ingress.runtime.pod` spec and the `spec.gateways.egress.runtime.pod` spec in the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Add the `nodeSelector` and `tolerations` fields to the `spec.gateways.ingress.runtime.pod` and `spec.gateways.egress.runtime.pod` specifications in the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource as shown below:
```
You can add the first line to the previous step and mention something like:
. Click *YAML* to edit the YAML code to run the Ingress and Egress Gateways on infrastructure nodes.

Author: done

+
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  gateways:
    ingress:
      runtime:
        pod:
          nodeSelector: <1>
            node-role.kubernetes.io/infra: ""
          tolerations: <2>
          - effect: NoSchedule
            key: node-role.kubernetes.io/infra
            value: reserved
          - effect: NoExecute
            key: node-role.kubernetes.io/infra
            value: reserved
    egress:
      runtime:
        pod:
          nodeSelector: <1>
            node-role.kubernetes.io/infra: ""
          tolerations: <2>
          - effect: NoSchedule
            key: node-role.kubernetes.io/infra
            value: reserved
          - effect: NoExecute
            key: node-role.kubernetes.io/infra
            value: reserved
----

> <1> Ensures that the gateway pod is only scheduled on an infrastructure node

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> Ensures that the `gateway` pod is only scheduled on an infrastructure node
```
Should `gateway` be a literal here?

Author: In this instance gateway is generic language. It's referring to the ingress gateway pod or the egress gateway pod. The important information being conveyed is that the gateway pod (whichever one it is) is only scheduled on an infrastructure node.

> <2> Ensures that the pod is accepted by the infrastructure node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> Ensures that the pod is accepted by the infrastructure node for execution.
```

Author: done
